On July 23, 2020, at approximately 2042 hours, I responded to 700 Hollybrook Court, within Orange County, Florida, in reference to a battery.
My investigation revealed: Upon arrival, I briefly made contact with David Baisley (defendant) who was standing out int the driveway. I
observed a small laceration at the corner of his left eye, the left side of his nose, and his bottom lip. David refused medical attention at that
time. I then made contact with Jessica Murphy (victim). Jessica had a large hematoma under her left eye and a bloody nose, with blood all
over her face. Jessica stated she was laying in bed with David. Jessica stated they were talking about something, but she could not remember
what they were talking about. Jessica stated David became upset and slapped her with an open hand on the left cheek. Jessica responded by
grabbing David's beard and pushing back at him. Jessica stated David then punched her in the face with a closed fist one time which dazed
her. Jessica stated David then said, "I'm going to kill you,” and proceeded to punch Jessica in the face with a closed fist 2-3 more times.
Jessica stated when David made the threat to kill her, she was in fear that David was going follow through with his threat, so she acted like
she was unconscious so that David would stop hitting her. Based on Jessica's statement, it appeared David did have the ability to carry out
that threat as well. David eventually left the room, and Jessica was able to get up off the bed and walk out into the living room area where she
called her father. Jessica believed David had left, but then realized he was still inside the home with her. Jessica locked herself in the bathroom
while she was on the phone with 911 until her brother could arrive at the residence. Jessica stated she and David have been involved in an
intimate dating relationship off and on for approximately two years. They have never been married nor lived together as a single-family unit.
Jessica completed a sworn written statement and signed a victim request for confidentiality. All other necessary paperwork was also
completed. I provided Jessica with a victim's right's pamphlet bearing my name and this case number. Jessica was treated on scene by Orange
County Fire Rescue but refused transport to the hospital. David was secured in handcuffs (double-locked) behind his back. I read David his
Miranda Rights from a pre-printed agency issued card. David invoked his right to an attomey. I advised David that no further questions
would be asked at this time due to the invocation of his rights. David then made a statement to me spontaneously that, he was acting in
self-defense because Jessica attacked him. David was placed under arrest, searched, secured in the rear seat of my patrol vehicle, and
transported to the Orange County Booking and Receiving Center for booking and processing. David's bond was set at none per the bond
schedule.
